Removing versions less than 1.0 (#7086)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/blog/2021-11-23-how-to-upgrade-dbt-versions.md

...
```

> You can add an upper bound of supported versions like this: `[">=1.4.0", "<=1.5.0"]`, but for an internal analytics project it's probably overkill. Fun fact: this upper bound is how package vendors stop users from accidentally using an old version of a package like dbt-utils - more on this in a bit!

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense in the context of the old blog either

Author: Blast, this was a mistake. Will revert the blog to it's original format. Was only supposed to impact /docs and /ref pages. Apoloogies

> You can add an upper bound of supported versions like this: `[">=1.4.0", "<=1.5.0"]`, but for an internal analytics project it's probably overkill. Fun fact: this upper bound is how package vendors stop users from accidentally using an old version of a package like dbt-utils - more on this in a bit!

Author: ```suggestion
You can add an upper bound of supported versions like this: `[">=0.20.0", "<=1.0.0"]`, but for an internal analytics project it's probably overkill. Fun fact: this upper bound is how package vendors stop users from accidentally using an old version of a package like dbt-utils - more on this in a bit!
```
